"fMRI" files should be any multi-slice files (usually EPI) that overlap with the PET study
in time and that the user wants to use for motion-correction of the PET.

First choose a "template" directory. This will contain the motion-correction reference data
an also define the set of slices in cases where different geometries were used (e.g., one might
collect DTI, ASL, BOLD, ... etc., and use all of these to help motion-correct the PET). Because
this pipeline 1) aligns the PET data assuming that it is matched to the anatomical T1, and
2) uses the EPI to motion-correct the PET, it is best to use EPI data that has been collected
close in time relative to the MEMPRAGE (T1) scan.

1) Reslice the data if that option is available (if all files have the same number of slices,
this option will be turned off).

2) Motion-correct the data using the specified template directory and set of volumes.  The list
of volumes will be used to create an average volume to form the motion-correction reference volume.

3) Align all motion-corrected volumes to the anatomical template. Remember to set the smoothing width
for all EPI volumes. The starting alignment will be taken from the anatomical file that already
has been aligned in the "anatomy" page (after running freeSurfer). Using the anatomical alignment
as a starting point, the alignment of EPI should be very close to the best case. However, EPI can be
more sensitive to certain effects, like gradient non-linearities, heating-induced shifts, distortions, etc)
than anatomical scans, so the alignment might need to be tweaked.
   a) Uncheck "multi-stage",
   b) flatten the volumes using one of the two right-hand selections,
   c) double-check the smoothing width, and change it if it is incorrect,
   d) perform auto-alignment by clicking the calculator button.  When it is done, remember to
      i) Click the "running man" button in fastmap to replace the original files with the
          transformed files in program memory. This DOES NOT SAVE the files.
     ii) Click the "save" button to save the files (align.nii) in the respective directories.
    iii) Quit fastmap to get back to this program.
