1) First enter a subject session identifer and use "query" to find the right dataset.

2) "Generate scan list" will show all runs with categories

3) Check the scans to be downloaded. Then "Download" the scans. This function uses "unpacksdcmdir".

4) When done, scans existing on disk are colored yellow. You can always query again if more data
   is send to Bourget for this dataset, and you can download again as desired.

Scans will be downloaded as both DICOMs and as "raw.nii" files.
Protocol info can be found in files "raw.nii-infodump.dat".
Time stamps will be extracted and put into files named "time-tags.txt".

As soon as you download the data, do the following:

https://www.google.com

a) Go to anatomy and start freeSurfer (takes hours)

b) Start generation of pseudo-uMap on Aether
   1) From Linux, create a directory named "transfer" on this subject directory
   2) Copy the MEMPRAGE directory (1 volume, generally last T1 file) to "transfer"
         cd transfer
         cp ../t1/004 MEMPRAGE
   3) Copy the last MRAC directory to "transfer"
         cp ../mrac/009 UMAP
   4) remove all non-DICOM files from MEMPRAGE and MRAC
         cd MEMPRAGE; rm raw* time* dcm*
         cd UMAP;     rm raw* time* dcm*
   5) log onto Aether; create a named subject folder on d:/scratch with sub-directories named
      MR and MR_PET. Under MR, create empty folder pseudo_muMAP. Then transfer directories
      MEMPRAGE and UMAP to the same location as pseudo_muMAP under directory MR.
   6) start Matlab and then type "pianoMmr"
   7) click the "pseudo-muMap" button, select the MEMPRAGE folder and then the 1st DICOM file,
      and do the same for the UMAP directory.
   8) Enter your Martinos name and password A LOT OF TIMES when prompted.  You should see
            "Waiting 1800 sec to start validating ..."
      It will take some time (an hour?) to finish
   9) When it is finished, transfer (e.g. WinSCP) directory pseudo_muMAP back to the cluster
      under the "transfer" directory. You can now reconstruct the PET on Bay 7. This will require
      copy the "pseudo_muMAP" directory to Bay 7 and running the PET RetroRecon application.
